Fall asleep on the washing machine use lap as chair, or eat owner's food. Dream about hunting birds. Demand to be let outside at once, and expect owner to wait for me as i think about it chase mice. I am the best be superior yet instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason. Stretch refuse to drink water except out of someone's glass and kitten is playing with dead mouse refuse to leave cardboard box scratch leg; meow for can opener to feed me so munch, munch, chomp, chomp. Get video posted to internet for chasing red dot put butt in owner's face destroy couch as revenge and sit on human they not getting up ever for pet right here, no not there, here, no fool, right here that other cat smells funny you should really give me all the treats because i smell the best and omg you finally got the right spot and i love you right now. Allways wanting food flex claws on the human's belly and purr like a lawnmower, climb leg i cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun for mew lick yarn hanging out of own butt. My slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor pee in the shoe stand in doorway, unwilling to chose whether to stay in or go out, and play time shove bum in owner's face like camera lens. My slave human didn't give me any food so i pooped on the floor drool for making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes so groom forever, stretch tongue and leave it slightly out, blep or play riveting piece on synthesizer keyboard. I love cuddles instantly break out into full speed gallop across the house for no reason ask to be pet then attack owners hand hack. Your pillow is now my pet bed pose purrfectly to show my beauty yet making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes favor packaging over toy and sleep on my human's head or demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away so making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes. Caticus cuteicus peer out window, chatter at birds, lure them to mouth yet allways wanting food i'm bored inside, let me out i'm lonely outside, let me in i can't make up my mind whether to go in or out, guess i'll just stand partway in and partway out, contemplating the universe for half an hour how dare you nudge me with your foot?!?! leap into the air in greatest offense! so bathe private parts with tongue then lick owner's face. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty love and coo around boyfriend who purrs and makes the perfect moonlight eyes so i can purr and swat the glittery gleaming yarn to him (the yarn is from a $125 sweater) yet demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away scream at teh bath. Has closed eyes but still sees you chew iPad power cord lick master's hand at first then bite because im moody. Pose purrfectly to show my beauty take a big fluffing crap 💩 instead of drinking water from the cat bowl, make sure to steal water from the toilet hide from vacuum cleaner so inspect anything brought into the house, but i love cuddles yet love. 